Add 'visibility' to events and users. (#984)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/index.mdx

Starts a chat.

> Authors (except the requester) of all initial events must be listed in the `users` field. The `visibility` of both events and users is set to `all`.

Reviewer: > The `visibility` of both events and users is set to `all`.

Can this default visibility be overridden with the event visibility param? Or is this not changeable?

Author: for now, we don't allow setting visibility in start/resume chat

Sends an [Event](#events) object. Use this method to send a message by specifying the [Message](#message) event type in the request.

> The user must be [added to the chat](/messaging/agent-chat-api/rtm-reference/#user_added_to_chat) before they can send events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user must be [added to the chat](/messaging/agent-chat-api/rtm-reference/#user_added_to_chat) before they can send an event.
```

> Events with `visibility:agents` are sent to agents only, and with `visibility:all` to all users. The user with `visibility:agents` cannot send events with `visibility:all`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events with `visibility:agents` are sent to agents only, and with `visibility:all` to all users. Users with `visibility:agents` cannot send events with `visibility:all`.
```
